extrepo: add page (#10876)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/extrepo.md

# extrepo

> Manage external Debian repositories.

> > The extrepo tool is used to manage external repositories in Debian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is used to manage external repositories in Debian.
```

> > More information: <https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/focal/man1/extrepo.1p.html>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/extrepo.1p>.
```
We use manned as a default fallback when the author's documentation isn't present. (Btw if you referring to manpages.ubuntu.com in future, I would suggest removing the release from URL so that it automatically redirects to the latest one i.e  https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/man1/extrepo.1p.html)

- Search for a given package:

> `extrepo search {{key}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`extrepo search {{package}}`
```

> - Enable the repository named {{repository_name}}:
> 
> `sudo extrepo enable {{repository_name}}`
> 
> - Disable the repository named {{repository_name}}:
> 
> `sudo extrepo disable {{repository_name}}`
> 
> - Update the repository named {{repository_name}}:
> 
> `sudo extrepo update {{repository_name}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable the repository:

`sudo extrepo enable {{repository_name}}`

- Disable the repository:

`sudo extrepo disable {{repository_name}}`

- Update the repository:

`sudo extrepo update {{repository_name}}`
```
